# Implemented Missions #
> All EMS missions are based on content that already exists in the universe, no mission is allowed to violate the "no spawning" cardinal rule.

  * #### SOS ####
> > SOS, short for "save our souls" - is a mission type that is dynamically generated by certain types of ships within the universe. These missions are generated mostly by traders when they are attacked or targeted by hostile forces. Your success at this mission is determined by whether or not the ship in distress makes it out alive or not.

  * #### SOS: Vengeance ####
> > From time to time, the SOS mission can escalate into an Vengeance mission. If the SOS ship dies, what would usually result in a failed mission becomes a retaliatory mission, the goal of which is to defeat or drive off the attacking forces within the time allotted.

  * #### Smuggler Interception ####
> > Finally a real use for your police licence! Track down undercover pirate smugglers and bring them to justice! Be vewwy vewwy quiet... we're hunting wabbits!

  * #### Invasion ####
> > From time to time invasion forces from the Xenon and Pirates can be found around the universe. This mission has two diffrent routes to success, you can destroy the invasion in the sector its invading, or intercept the invasion before it reaches its target for bonus rewards!

  * #### Task-force Escort ####
> > A Task-force has entered hostile space on orders classified at the highest level, your task - should you choose to accept it - is to help the task force find its way though what could quite probably be a suicide mission. Due to the unique nature of this mission there are no records of its existence, you will be rewarded periodically by the task-force commander for your ongoing assistance.

  * #### Second Hand Ships ####
> > Second hand ship sales will be generated from ships within the universe that are returning to base to be mothballed, or that are returning to a shipyard to be scrapped in the case of NPC salvagers.

  * #### Sector Defense ####
> > Sector defense missions are created by Task-force commanders, recon scouts, OWP's and Military Bases. Defend the sector at all costs.

# Upcoming Missions #
These missions are not yet implemented but are due to be rolled out in future updates. If you have any ideas for missions you would like to see in EMS, please do not hesitate to suggest them!

  * #### OCV Related Missions ####
> > Hybrid Combat/Population Evacuation missions. (Details TBD)

  * #### Intelligent Build Missions ####
> > Rather then selecting a random sector to build a totally random station in, EMS will generate realistic station build missions that actually fill a need in the economy of the local area, whether that be creating supply or demand - it will make sense for the station to be built there.

  * #### Station Resource Emergency ####
> > Dynamically created resource emergency missions will be generated by stations that are low on wares, similar to the vanilla style mission. The difference between the EMS version and the Vanilla version is that the mission can be for filled by not only the player ship, but also the players assets. Phanon will also be able to take advantage of this.

  * #### Deep Space Exploration ####
> > <font color='red'>{ CLASSIFIED }</font>