= Download: Base Install =

A base install requires a clean AP install, so read and follow the [Installation installation guide] carefully. Due to the number of changes LU makes to X3AP, failure to do so will fuck up your install.

The base install comes in two parts, both will wipe certain X3/addon directories clean:

  * Base install wipes X3\addon\loadscr<br>
  * Base install wipes X3\addon\scripts<br>
  * Soundtrack install wipes X3\soundtrack<br><br>

[http://litcube.xtimelines.net/download.php?File=LitcubesUniverseV1.3.0.exe Litcube's Universe V1.3.0]
<br><br>

[http://litcube.xtimelines.net/download.php?File=LUSoundtrackV1.0.0.exe Litcube's Universe Soundtrack V1.0.0]
<br><br>
----
= Patch =
[http://litcube.xtimelines.net/download.php?File=LitcubesUniversePatchV1.3.3.exe Litcube's Universe Patch V1.3.3]

[http://litcube.xtimelines.net/download.php?File=LitcubesUniversePatchV1.3.2.exe Litcube's Universe Patch V1.3.2]

[http://litcube.xtimelines.net/download.php?File=LitcubesUniversePatchV1.3.1.exe Litcube's Universe Patch V1.3.1]

Read the [Change_Log Changelog] before you patch.

How to patch:


Just patching if EI is required:

1)  Install EI (if you don't have latest EI installed)
2)  Export
3)  Install latest LU Patch
4)  Import

If an EI is not required, just install the patch and play.

HOW TO TELL IF AN EI IS REQUIRED

Look at the changelog.  If, from your version + 1*, to the version you're updating to, you see the words "Export/Import required", you need to do an EI.

Example:  going from 1.2.4 to 1.3.4:  Look at 1.2.5 on on the changelog.  See "Export/Import required" in any of the changelogs?  Then you need to do an EI.

If you run into problems and didn't read it, bunnies will die.  And I can't help that.

If you don't use the installer, and do a manual copy paste, your game will be broken.

[Change_Log Change log]
<br><br><br>

----
= Export/Import Package =
[http://litcube.xtimelines.net/download.php?File=LitcubesUniverseEIV1.3.3.exe Litcube's Universe Export/Import Package V1.3.3]

In an endeavour to eliminate the incremental patching, and the confusion over when to export at which patch etc., EI scripts are now externalized.

Example: If you were going from V1.2.5 to V1.3.3

  * Install latest EI
  * Export game
  * Patch to version 1.3.3
  * Import game


----

= Other Tools =

  * GUI Installer

This is an optional package that changes your GUI, if you'd like to try a different one.

Includes:
  * Litcube's GUIs
  * TrixX's LU GUIs

[http://litcube.xtimelines.net/download.php?File=LUGUIV1.1.0.exe GUI Installer V1.1.0]

----
  * Comprehensive editors for LU files.  Requires excel.  I'm running 360, but they may work in older versions.

TFiles version: LUV1.3.1

[http://litcube.xtimelines.net/download.php?File=LUEditorsV1.1.0.zip LU Editors V1.1.0]

----

  * Map of the Litcube's Universe.

[http://www.mediafire.com/view/a5ac3qla1ry3kbp/Litcube&#39;s_Universe_Map.png Universe Map]

----

  * LU Rainmeter skin V1.3

[http://litcube.xtimelines.net/download.php?File=LU_1.3.rmskin LU Rainmeter Skin]

----

  * LU G19 LCD Host plugin

[http://www.mediafire.com/download/6jnm63t06edhxgm/LUg19.zip LU G19 LCD Host Plugin] 

----

  * X-Studio I custom syntax.  Just throw this in your X-Studio folder and it will read the syntax.
  * For LU V1.2.0

[http://litcube.xtimelines.net/download.php?File=Custom.SyntaxV1.2.0.zip X-Studio Custom Syntax]