#summary Major Features of Litcube's Universe (LU)

= Major Features =

----

=== Balance ===

Balance changes to weapons, missiles, ships.

See: [Feature_Balance Feature: Balance]

----

=== Bounce ===

Bounce mitigates ships running into stuff.

See: [Feature_Bounce Feature: Bounce]

----

=== Carrier Command Software Updated ===

The Carrier Command Software enables an incoming ship to quick dock.

See: [Feature_Carrier_Command_Software Feature: Command Software Update]

----

=== Complex Management ===

A few commands allowing station agents to manage your complexes

See: [Feature_Complex_Management Feature: Complex Management]

----

=== Dashboards ===

There's dashboards, if you want them.

See: [Feature_Dashboards Feature: Dashboards]

----

=== Dock Ware Manager ===  

Dockware Manager helps you organize the wares at your dock, and lets your various types of traders know what you want to keep, what you need to sell, and what to stock at the dock.

See: [Feature_Dockware_Manager Feature: Dockware Manager]

----

=== Dynamic Menu System ===

Litcube script menus have been designed under the hood to generate faster, dynamic, clean looking menus that look like they're hardcoded.  This bypasses several limitations imposed by vanilla on X3 scripters.

See: [Feature_LU_Dynamic_Menu_System Feature: Litcube's Universe Dynamic Menu System]

----

=== Emergency Jump Now Works ==

Didn't work too well in vanilla.

See: [Feature_ERD Feature: Emergency Jump Works Now]

----

=== Emergency Retreat Drive And Jump Cores ==

An Emergency Retreat Drive installed on your ship will enable it to jump out faster in an emergency.

See: [Feature_ERD Feature: Emergency Retreat Drive]

----

=== Encyclopedia Update ====

The encyclopedia has a new, very useful category.

See: [Feature_Encyclopedia_Update Feature: Encyclopedia Update]

----

=== Export Import ===

Export your game, then import it.

See: [Feature_Export_Import Feature: Export/Import]

----

=== Freighter ===

The freighter moves around wares for your Dockware Manager

See: [Feature_Freighter Feature: Freighter]

----

=== FLC ===

The higher your fight rank, the more ships drop stuff.

See: [Feature_FLC Feature: FLC]

----

=== GoD Changes ===

GoD has changed a bit.

See: [Feature_GoD_Changes Feature: GoD Changes]

----

=== GUI ===

The GUI has changed.

See: [Feature_GUI Feature: GUI]

----

=== Hotkeys ===

Do more stuff quicker.

See: [Feature_Hotkeys Feature: Hotkeys]

----

=== Jumpgate Quantifier ===

Jumping has changed.

See: [Feature_Jumpgate_Quantifier]

----

=== Marine Combat Training ===

You can train marines for combat

See: [Feature_Marine_Combat_Training Feature: Marine Combat Training]

----

=== Military Logistics & Command Center (MLCC) ===

Have 26 corvettes, 5 capital ships, 10 carriers all fitted with ships you tuned to perfection?  Want to automate their refuelling, resupply, and refitting?  Want to pre-design fleet strategies and enact the orders of hundreds of ships them with a single key press?

See: [Feature_MLCC Feature: Military Logistics & Command Software]

----

=== Missile Boat Missile Defence ====

Missile boats are very effective at protecting ships from missiles

See: [Feature_Missile_Boat_Missile_Defence Feature: Missile Boat Missile Defence]

----

== Models ==

I put this first on the features page, not for boasting purposes, but so you can see it and read it.  I can't take any credit for the models themselves, aside from scene fixes and racial turrets.  But you should read the feature page anyway.

See: [Feature_New_Models Feature: New Models]

----

=== Music ===

Music has changed

See: [Feature_Music Feature: Music]

----

=== Pathfinding ===

Path finding is now implemented into the script commands for the purposes of the automation of avoiding unsafe sectors.

See: [Feature_Pathfinding Feature: Pathfinding]

----

=== Performance ===

I spent a considerable amount of effort in ensuring that the entire LU system was as fast as possible.

See: [Feature_High_Performance Feature: High Performance]

----

=== Phanon Corporation ===

"The Player's Competitor", Phanon Corporation creates a faction that fights and trades like you do.  Litcube's Universe's Phanon Corporation is heavily upgraded from the vanilla version.

See: [Feature_The_Phanon_Corporation Feature: The Phanon Corporation]

----

=== Quickshuttles ===

Quickshuttles are hotkey activated ships that automate routine tasks.

See: [Feature_Quickshuttles Feature: Quickshuttles]

----

=== Revelation ===

There's a new threat brewing in the Eastern Universe.  A new enemy that will eventually take over the Universe, and only you can stop them.

See: [Feature_Revelation Feature: Revelation ]

----

=== Saturn Complex Hub (SCH) ===

SCH is a solution for building huge complexes without the lag-generating chaos of multiple stations and tubes. Each SCH is a self-contained station; all of your factories are included within.

See: [Feature_Saturn_Complex_Hub Feature: Saturn Complex Hub]

----

=== Script Commands ===

Litcube's Universe adds over 150 new script commands.

See: [Feature_New_Script_Commands Feature: New Script Commands]

----

=== Ship Compendium ===

See ship stats in game.

See: [Feature_Ship_Compendium Feature: Ship Compendium]

----

=== Station Agent ===

Station Agents help freighters support your factories.

See: [Feature_Station_Agent Station Agent]

----

=== Stock Exchange ===

The Stock Exchange has changed to something a little more simple.

See: [Feature_Stock_Exchange Feature: Stock Exchange]

----

=== Supply Command Software Updated ===

The Supply Command Software has a few changes.  It's easier to navigate the menus, and it will allow you to outfit your ships using templates.

See: [Feature_Supply_Command_Software  Feature: Supply Command Software Update]

----

=== Template Manager ===

Template Manager is a system allowing you to save templates of your ship for use with the many systems Litcube's Universe has to offer.

See: [Feature_Template_Manager Feature: Template Manager]

----

=== Tug ===

Automated tug ship brings captured ships home.

See: [Feature_Tug Feature: Tug]

----

=== Trade Product Search ===

Find stuff for sale.

See: [Feature_Trade_Product_Search Feature: Trade Product Search]

----

=== Trade Reports ===

Everything has trade reports

See: [Feature_Trade_Reports Feature: Trade Reports]

----

=== Universal Bailing ===

NPC Bailing.

See: [Feature_Universal_Bailing Feature: Universal Bailing]

----

=== Vanilla AP Bug Fixes ===

Many bugs fixed.

See: [Feature_Vanilla_AP_Bug_Fixes Feature: Vanilla Bug Fixes]

----