#summary EMS Install Instructions.

= Install Instructions =


Install Checklist:
 Please run through the install checklist every time you wish to update EMS, as some requirements may change. Also please check to see if EMS has been updated every time you update LU.
  * Ensure you are running LU *Version 1.4.6* or later.
  * Ensure you have installed a GUI from GUI Installer *Version 1.2.3* or later.
 If you meet the above requirements, simply download the EMS installer. The EMS installer will ask you to select a GUI version,* select the same GUI version you installed via the LU GUI installer previously*.
 If you wish to switch GUI in the future, please re-run the LU GUI installer and the EMS installer.

After installing EMS, *be sure to bind the "EMS: Action" hotkey*, this is multi-function hotkey used by EMS, you will receive visual feedback on screen when an action is available.

Optionally, you may perform an Export and Import - This is *not required* however it will allow EMS to gain full understanding of the universe immediately, rather then building up that knowledge over time, resulting in more active missions upfront. If you are installing EMS and patching LU at the same time, make sure EMS is installed *before Importing* for best results.

= Download =
<font color="red">Users have been reporting problems with the use of RadeonPro, if you experience crashes and are using RadeonPro, please ensure the "Disable API Monitoring" option is enabled, if problems persist try launching the game without RadeonPro. I am working on a compatibility fix.</font>

[http://litcube.xtimelines.net/download.php?File=EMS_v1.0.0.exe EMS Version 1.0.0]

= HELP! X3AP is crashing at start-up! =
There are currently three known causes for this.
 * Users have been reporting problems with the use of RadeonPro, if you experience crashes and are using RadeonPro, please ensure the "Disable API Monitoring" option is enabled, if problems persist try launching the game without RadeonPro. I am working on a compatibility fix.
 * Users have reported the same error as the above while using Mirillis Action (a gameplay recorder), i am working on a fix for this error.
 * If your game's exe is not named "X3AP_n.exe", then EMS will not correctly hook itself, and you will see a strange popup and the game will exit, please make sure your exe is named correctly.

= Bug Reports =
Think you've found bug? *save the game immediately!* EMS data is highly transient and if what your observing is a bug, all evidence of it will be erased when the mission ends, a save-game as far away from mission completion as possible is the most ideal for bug reports. Save games are absolutely required, as under almost all normal circumstances a description alone will not be enough.

= ENB Details =
EMS currently does not support ENB's, if you use a graphics mod such as SweetFX EMS will override the mod's core d3d9.dll file, rendering it inoperable. I will try to fix this after release if it becomes an issue.