#summary LU Mobile Mining is different

=WIP=

= Mobile Mining In LU =

Here's the quick and dirty.  The Mobile Drilling Laser and Ore Collector have been re-purposed.  Hit a rock with your MDS, and you have a chance of your ore collector popping something into your cargo bay.  It's as simple as that.

=== Mobile Drilling System Is Different ===

Hitting a debris rock with the MDS is now the only way to mine.  When the debris rock is hit, there is a chance for a mineral or crystal to be "loosened".  The Ore Collector will beam the loosened material into the cargo bay, which all happens automatically.  Depending on the rock size, it can only take so many hits before breaking apart.  The larger the debris rock, the more hits it can take.  Larger debris rocks will break into smaller debris rocks.

Only the new miner variant of ships can actually equip MDS lasers.

=== Rare Minerals and Crystals ===

Some of the time when you hit a rock, you'll get a mineral like ore, silicon, ice, or nividium.  Rarely, you'll end up with a rare mineral or crystal.  Outposts throughout the galaxy will buy these rare minerals and crystals.

Upon an MDS hitting, the ship has a chance of loosening a material.  If something is loosened, it could be a resource ware, a rare mineral, or crystal as per the following table.  Note that small variations in the table's percentages are based on the type of debris.  Ice has a slightly higher chance of yielding crystal, and Nividium has a slightly higher chance of yielding both rare minerals and crystals.

|| *Material* || *Rarity* ||
|| Debris Resource || 92% ||
|| Rare Mineral || 5.5% || 
|| Crystal || 2.5% ||

If the material loosened is a Rare Mineral, it could be one of the following:

|| *Rare Mineral* || *Rarity* || *Average Price* ||
|| Red Mineral || 55% || 15,828 Cr ||
|| Orange Mineral || 27% || 34,868 Cr ||
|| Purple Mineral || 10.8% || 96,415 Cr ||
|| Blue Mineral || 4.5% || 254,788 Cr ||
|| Green Mineral || 1.5% || 862,549 Cr ||
|| Silver Mineral || 0.6% || 2,385,051 Cr ||
|| Gold Mineral || 0.4% || 3,740,752 Cr ||
|| White Mineral || 0.2% || 8,075,251 Cr ||

There will be NPC miners out there who also mine and sell to mining outposts.

About the mobile mining stuff, the wiki is quite vague : 

2 How the yield of the rocks affect the collecting rate ? 

3 Do they need to hit small rocks or can they be used on big asteroids ? (if small rocks only, do the ships break them down to the size they need ?) 

4 How many miners can hit the same rock ? 

5 As it's laser based, does it work better/worse OOS ?


1: Yes. Depending on the size, a rock can only take so many hits 
2: The higher the yield, the higher the chance of yielding more valuable items 
3: Any size debris hit with an MDS can yield 
4: As many miners as you want can hit the same rock. Even different races. 
5: I pained to ensure OOS mining and IS mining is performed at the same pace 