#summary Station Agents help freighters to support your factories.

= Station Agents =

_"Station Agent Software provides utilities and integration to a ship's homebase allowing it to manage and sell wares for a station or a complex."_

The Station Agent software allows a ship to manage the wares of its homebase station. The ship can do one of two things: manage goods or sell goods. Manage allows the pilot to purchase goods for the station when it runs low, respecting the station's import parameter. The alternative is selecting a ware, which will allow the agent to sell the specified good, respecting the station's export parameter. Purchasing or selling is always done at the best found price, wherever player property is present to log into the trade network. Pilots increase in agent ranks, which lowers the amount of time spent negotiating product prices.

The alternative is selecting a ware, which will allow the pilot to sell the specified good. Purchasing or selling is always done at the best found price, wherever your property is available to log into the local trade network.

Pilots increase in Agent ranks, which lowers the amount of time searching for product prices. "Best found prices" are determined through a combination of price and volume of wares available within sectors containing your property.


= Details =

Required software:
  * Station Agent Software
  * Trade Command Software Mk I
  * Trade Command Software Mk II
  * Trading System Extension

Optional for enabling a player-only tool (Trade Product Search):
  * Best selling price Locator
  * Best Buys Locator

Other notes:
  * Does not work on the player ship.
  * Multiple equipped freighters can work for the same factory.