#summary Do things quicker

= Hotkeys =

Lots of new info to access, lots of things to do.

=== Hotkeys Found in Vanilla Part of Controls Menu ===
  * *Hide sidebar:*  This command will make the sidebar disappear completely.  You can still interact with it, but the main bar will not be there.
  * *Saturn Complex Hub:* (context: selected in property or sector menu)
  * *Dockware Manager:* (context: selected in property or sector menu)
  * *Music Volume:* Change the music volume with hotkeys
  * *Stock Exchange:*  Bring up the new stock exchange
  * *Script hotkeys:*  Dozens of hotkeys to run scripts
  * *Save:*  The new save hotkey saves the game in the next slot
  * *Transfer Credits To Station:*  For all stations with the parameter _allow station transfer_ enabled, the amount of _low water mark_ set in the Player Console will be transferred from your account to said station's account.
  * *Transfer Credits From station:*  Transfers credits from all stations to player account.

=== Hotkeys Found in Extensions Part of Controls Menu ===

  * *Activate remote system control:*  If your ship has Remote System Control installed, it will claim targeted ships from a distance
  * *Display target type:*  Displays some information on currently selected ship including "rare" information (means sold or not).
  * *Flag ship for tug:* Flags currently selected ship to be tugged by any ships you have running the Tug command. Pressing this a second time un-flags the ship.
  * *Jump to home point:*  If you have a favourite place in the Universe from where you like to quietly run your empire, this will jump you there.  Position and orientation set from the Player Console.
  * *MLCC assist go code:*  "Go! Go! Go!" for your MLCC ships.  See: [Feature_MLCC MLCC].
  * *MLCC console:*  Brings up the MLCC console.  See: [Feature_MLCC MLCC].
  * *Player Console:* Opens the player console menu, a useful suite of reports and tools.
  * *QLaser config get I:*  Saves config including installed lasers and turret commands to slot 1.
  * *QLaser config get II:*  Saves config including installed lasers and turret commands to slot 2.
  * *QLaser config set I:*  Sets the saved config slot 1.
  * *QLaser config set II:*  Sets the saved config slot 2.
  * *Quick shuttle fuel go:* Activates your fuel quick shuttle.
  * *Quick shuttle fuel home:* Sends your fuel shuttle back to its homebase
  * *Quick shuttle reap go:*  Activates your reap quick shuttle.
  * *Quick shuttle reap home:* Sends your reap quick shuttle to its homebase.
  * *Saturn Complex Hub calculator:*  Brings up a calculator for detirmining SCH pricing.  See: [Feature_Saturn_Complex_Hub Saturn Complex Hub]
  * *Save:*  Saves your game in the next slot and loops back to slot one when it reaches 10.
  * *Screenshot:*  An alternate screenshot for taking screens without the HUD.
  * *Show HQ blueprints:*  Displays your headquarter's blueprints.
  * *Show in property menu: Security:*  Toggles the property menu display of all ships with _Security_ in their name (MLCC ships, for example).
  * *Show in property menu: UT:*  Toggles the property menu display of all ships with _UT_ in their name (Universal Trader ships, for example).
  * *Target nearest enemy:*  Does what it says, instantly.
  * *Target nearest flying ware:*  Does what it says.  However, if you hit it *again* while you still have the nearest ware targeted, and you have a transporter device, you'll transport the ware to your cargohold
  * *Target nearest unclaimed ship:*  Does what it says.  As long as it's within player property scanner range.
  * *Template manager:*  Opens the template manager menu.  See: [Feature_Template_Manager Template Manager]