#summary Export your game, then import it.

== Export & Import ==

Litcube's Universe comes packaged with the ability to export your empire including statistics (kills, favourite ships), relations, property, loadouts, game time, play time, money, Phanon state, OCV state, stations, Saturn Complex Hubs, dockware manager info, UT/Dock Agent/Station agent levels and stats, etc., etc., etc.  Once you have exported, you can import your game into a fresh Universe.

It will *not* export data that was implemented by third party scripts.  But if it came with LU, it's supported.  It will also not reconnect your complexes.  You'll have to do that manually.

=== Why Would I Want To Do This? ===

Don't do it if you don't need to, but here's some reasons why you would:

  * You installed a script, and it screwed up your game
  * You removed a script, but want to remove all traces of it
  * I released a patch and the patch said "export/import required"

=== How to Export ===

  # Remove your cash from the Stock Market.  In other words, sell your stocks.
  # Make sure your marines are all on board ships.  Don't leave them on stations.
  # Be in a safe sector.
  # Wait for all HQ queues (repair, recycle, production) to finish.
  # Export your game by selecting "Export empire" in the Player Console (hotkey found in "Interface" in controls menu)
  # This can take a few minutes.  You can watch your log file increase in size if you're looking at it in windows explorer (addon\t).
  # When the export is finished, you'll see the message "Export Done!" on your screen.

=== How to Import ===

  # Create a new install, following the LU Setup Guide ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4415681#4415681 here]).
  # Start a new game. Choose the _Damyath Import_ start. 
  # Enjoy a beverage of your choice as LU rebuilds your universe.

_Note: You might have to re-start some commands on some ships, especially if you are using 3rd-party scripts that are not yet supported by Export/Import. So check your Property sheet (r) carefully._