#summary Shit Litcube needs to consider when he gets home.

= Shit Litcube Needs to Consider When He Gets Home =



== Accepted ==

{Bug} Dockware manager upgrade ship function allows purchase of software even if the targeted ship already has that software installed ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4394194#4394194 OP])

{Exploit} Docking ships to stations instantly repairs shields, particularly cheesy against OCV and especially problematic when mixed with jump beacons ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4394056#4394056 OP] | [http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4394058#4394058 Response])

{Bug} Station defense mission results message text error ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4392899#4392899 OP] | [http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393080#4393080 Response])

{Bug} Saving during capital ship destruction animation breaks animation ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4392899#4392899 OP] | [http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393080#4393080 Response])

{Bug} Boron weapons platforms use fighter weapons only ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393968#4393968 OP] | [https://onedrive.live.com/redir?resid=5CF8D1D17D5AD0BB!140&authkey=!ADa5pjO78wE1HIg&v=3&ithint=photo%2c.jpg Screenshot])

{Bug} Building ships at PHQ requires same amount of credits as buying them ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393968#4393968 OP])

{Bug} Fenrirs lose shields during EI ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4394105#4394105 OP] | [http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4394114#4394114 Response] | [http://www.mediafire.com/download/m2615z0rq5fov1o/CausticFlipper_NoShieldFenrir.7z Save])

{Bug} Station agents exceeding set station jump range ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4394193#4394193 OP])

{Bug} Tug stuck while collecting ships ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4394194#4394194 OP] | [https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/18285480/X03.sav Save])

{Bug} Station agent sells very small amounts of mosquito missiles even when demand at a single station is high ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393968#4393968 OP])

{Suggestion} Incorporate Missile Safety ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393180#4393180 OP] | [http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393553#4393553 Response])

{Suggestion} Add performance monitoring function to UTs similar to station agent reports ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4394589#4394589 OP])

{Bug} Boarding pods cannot be moved from a ship to a dock. If you land a ship carrying boarding pods, and go to "Adjust Station Parameters", boarding pods do not show up in the list of wares. If you strip the ship carrying boarding pods, all the wares disappear from the dock.

{Bug} Game always hangs if you kill a specific Phanon Corp fighter. To replicate, go to Senator's Badlands and kill the Valshire Corp. Discovery ([https://filetea.me/t1sgJhtMuVQTCxBtCPexIp3Xg Save])

{Bug} Not all wares that show up in a ship's freight menu will show up in the freight exchange menu.

{Bug} Some ships "eat" salvage insurance and licenses. To replicate with included savegame: If you check your player profile when you load the game, you have an Argon LE license and 108 Salvage Insurance. If you switch to the Tiger following you, you have almost all of the licenses, but no salvage insurance displayed, though you can save in space. If you then switch back to the Auster, you have no salvage insurance and no licenses. Switching to other ships from the Auster does not cause this problem.
If you buy more salvage insurance/licenses while in the Auster, they disappear when you switch back to the Tiger. The same thing happens when you replace the Auster in this example with many other ships. The only other ship behaving like the Tiger is the Tempestine, which also seems to have its own set of licenses, doesn't need salvage insurance.
The Tiger and Tempestine are both ships I've had for a very long time, and pretty much every other ship I currently own was obtained after my most recent import/export. ([https://filetea.me/t1sHxgMVdOIR7yRxz2o6fn1hg Save])

{Bug} MLCC options missing ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393729#4393729 OP])

{Bug} M/AM Launcher requires less relations with terran than Gamma Ray Cannon ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4394479#4394479 OP])

{Bug} Available stocks sometimes drop to zero when index reaches 100, possibly as player wealth increases ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4394590#4394590 OP] | [http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4395839#4395839 AddInfo])

{Bug} UT trading doesn't increase rank with Terran/ATF ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4394675#4394675 OP])

{Bug} Message log debug spam possible related to Ship Template Outfit command ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4394788#4394788 OP])

{Bug} 'Blood stained note' after trying to jump at a station after a product search ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4394788#4394788 OP])

{Bug} Dock agent goes to 'none' if cannot find a ware (even though the ware is available nearby) ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4394765#4394765 OP])

{Bug} 'Collect ware...' command ignores range to ware ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4395073#4395073 OP])

{Bug} 'Collect ware...' on docked ship causes it to instantly collect all wares in sector ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4395098#4395098 OP])

{Bug} Mission completed text bug in sender name ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4395202#4395202 OP] | [https://www.flickr.com/photos/97718370@N07/14367908466/ Screenshot])

{Bug} UT jumping to sector with no player assets. Possible install issue ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4395165#4395165 OP] |  [http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4395211#4395211 Report2] |  [http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4395251#4395251 Response])

{Bug} Shipyard spawning in OCV conquered sectors ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4395211#4395211 OP] |  [http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4395251#4395251 Response])


{Suggestion} Make collect marine command use transporter device ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393207#4393207 OP])

{Suggestion} Reduce earnings multiplier cheese from kills due to running multiple combat mission simultaneously ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393372#4393372 OP])


== Pending ==
{Bug} Missing drop station command on TLs, and drop factory cant drop MLCC shipyards ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4395700#4395700 OP])

{Bug} Issue with MLCC ships jumping into guarded gates piecmeal rather then forming then attacking ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4395768#4395768 OP] |  [http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4395770#4395770 Response])

{Bug} Tug can get stuck if attempting to collect TS with TS already docked ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4395797#4395797 OP])

{Bug} Pirate ships are building up in sectors such as Elena's Fortune stuck camping gates while the player is OOS - the direct result of !job.pirate.plunderships calling !move.idle.timeout - which in turns calls "[THIS]->move around x ms", move around OOS does not seem to move the ships around at all. (They also seem unable to acquire a target OOS (Unconfirmed)) {[http://i.imgur.com/HlxBYf1.png Screenshot] | [http://i.imgur.com/1tirkxy.png Screenshot(After Entering Sector)]}

{Bug} Albion pride wont teleport dock to griffon with player on board, may have to do with griffon's external docks ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4395700#4395700 OP])

{Bug} Terran build station missions can ask for SCH ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4396228#4396228 OP] |  [http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4396241#4396241 Response])

{Suggestion} Add a way to 'unflag' ships for tug ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4395797#4395797 OP])

{Suggestion} Add wingman hotkey commands ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4395824#4395824 OP])

== Pending Additional Information ==

{Bug} M6 e-jump not working ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4396007#4396007 OP])

== Implemented ==


== Rejected ==

{Bug} One gun per turret equipped in AI ships ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393968#4393968 OP] | [http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4394644#4394644 AddInfo])

{Bug} Ships without maxed shields ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4395322#4395322 OP])

{Suggestion} Allow purchase of OWP near gates similar to Ring of Fire ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4394565#4394565 OP])

{Suggestion} Improve boarding ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393225#4393225 OP])

{Suggestion} Special class subtypes need differentiation ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4392501#4392501 OP])

{Suggestion} Provide a non-exe download ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393062#4393062 OP] | [http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393080#4393080 Response])

{Suggestion} Autoclaim all ships in sector/nearest ship function ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4392769#4392769 OP] | [http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4392783#4392783 Response])

{Suggestion} Incorporate Marine Repairs ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393180#4393180 OP] | [http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393195#4393195 Response])

{Suggestion} Increase weapon rate of fire ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4392501#4392501 OP] | [http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393208#4393208 Response])

{Suggestion} Remove dumbfire missiles ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4392501#4392501 OP] | [http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393553#4393553 Response])

{Bug} Two Goner temples in Elysium of Light ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393362#4393362 OP])

{Bug} Teladi police license earning kill rewards in pirate sector Spaceweed Grove ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393372#4393372 OP])

{Bug} -Fixed by Reinstall- Boarding pod sale location changed after patch ([http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=4393749#4393749 OP])