#summary How to Do Stuff.

= How to Do Stuff =
<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />
----

<br/>
=== How to Export (and Import) Your Game ===
You know how you groan every time you hear the suggestion, "Start a new game"? It is a pain to lose all of your hard-won empire. Not anymore; with LU!

*Before you Begin:*
  # Remove your cash from the Stock Market.
  # Make sure your marines are all on board ships.
  # Be in a safe sector.
  # Complete or cancel any ongoing missions.
  # Wait for all HQ queues (repair, recycle, production) to finish.
  # (Optional but Good Practice): Back up your entire LU folder.

*Do the Export/Import:*
  # First, *back up* your current game folder. Let's assume that your game is in C:\Games\LU. Copy the LU folder to "C:\Games\LU-OLD".
  # You should now have two folders:
    * LU       <== This will become your *new* folder.
    * LU-OLD   <== This will become your *old* folder.
  # Read the changelog for the patch
  # Patch the "LU" folder to the new version.
  # Copy the addon\scripts\Z.EmpireCopy.Export.xml from your *new* folder to your *old* folder addon\scripts\.  It will ask to overwrite.
  # Double-click LU-OLD\X3AP_n.exe to start the *old* game.
  # Load the saved game that you want to export.
  # *Export your game* by selecting "Export empire" in the Player Console (hotkey found in "Interface" in controls menu). This will create a log file in documents\Egosoft\X3AP called Log08382.txt.  
  # This can take a few minutes.  You can watch your log file increase in size if you're looking at it in windows explorer.
  # Exit X3.
  # Copy the log file (Log08382.txt) to the *new* LU\addon\t folder.
  # Rename the log file to 8382-L044.xml.
  # Start a new game in your *new* folder  (Double-click LU\X3AP_n.exe). Choose the _Damyath Import_ start. 
  # Enjoy a beverage of your choice as LU rebuilds your universe.

This will import your assets from your previous game into your new game start. Nice, huh? 

_Note: You might have to re-start some commands on some ships, especially if you are using 3rd-party scripts that are not yet supported by Export/Import. So check your Property sheet (r) carefully._


<br/>
----
=== How to do Boarding Operations ===
See DrBullwinkle's guide: [http://forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?p=3796614#3796614 Marine Tips Guide]

Also, here is a [Player_Log_Bullwinkles_Adventures#A_new_technique_for_spacewalk_boarding_from_a_TP New Spacewalk Boarding Technique Using TP and Drones]

<br/>
----
=== How to do Mobile Mining ===
Required (on each mining ship): Mineral Scanner and Ore Collector. At least one mounted gun (preferably turret). PACs are sufficient. 

Required (on Playership): A way to break asteroids. Hornet missiles or big guns work.

As for your own ship, you can collect the broken rocks by gently running over them with your ship. (Assuming that you have an Ore Collector on board, of course). Fly into the rock, as if  you were collecting a flying ware. Emphasis on *gently* (like under 10 kps) because even small rocks will inflict damage on your ship. 

Only the smallest size rocks can be collected. How do you know when they are small enough? Practice. You will get the hang of it after a while. (Also, if you watch closely, you will see that rocks containing minerals shine slightly, which "empty" rocks are dull.)

When your shields get low, rest and let them recover before collecting more rocks.

TL's are pretty good for the player doing mobile mining, or one of the new TS+ ships with the heavy shields. Or a Falcon Hauler, which is the only M3 in the game that can carry XL cargo (which is necessary for mobile mining).

Or, my personal favorite: An M7. Because they have even stronger shields than TL's. You can dock some Falcon Hauler miners at your M7 then take the entire project mining.

With Mobile Mining Mk2, you will be able to command an entire wing of miners with a single command. You will also be able to tell them to mine specifically for Nividium (as well as Silicon/Ore/Ice).

Note: Real mines are more efficient than Mobile Mining. In contrast, Mobile Mining is *effective* rather than efficient. It is a quick way to score some loot early in the game (instead of trading or fighting). 

Furthermore, *Mobile Mining is always a good money-maker because you can mobile mine Nividium (which cannot be mined with a real mine). You can earn 100 million credits per hour with a wing of mobile miners mining Nividium. That is approximately similar to the income you can generate doing boarding ops. Both are some of the best personal income-producers in the game. (And neither are easy! which is as it should be.)*

<br/>
==== How to Sell Nividium ====
There are three common ways to sell Nividium:

*Sell the ship carrying the Nividium to a shipyard.* This gets you instant cash. The downside is that you do not get full value for the goods.

*Sell Nividium to NNMC (or other places that will buy it). This allows you to sell at market, which is a much better price. The downside is that it takes time, because the 'verse can only absorb so much Nividium at a time. Nobody wants to buy a lot of it.

The best bang-for-your-buck is to *Sell Nividium from your PHQ or a player-owned dock*. You can then set the price to charge Average-1, which is the best price possible. The NPC's will then buy it over time, with no further work on your part.

(Personally, I use Station Camper. In the mods folder. <div/>
Station Camper allows me to park a TS or TL full of Nividium at NNMC or other customer. It will then automatically sell as soon as NNMC is ready to buy. It is a poor-man's way to sell unique goods, before you can afford a dock.)


<br/>
----
=== How to Install Scorp's Map ===
_Scorp's Map is a cheat map for X3. It might be better to simply use the Map.png in the download folder._

The installer.exe may give error messages that it cannot find Terran Conflict. That is OK. Ignore them.

Because the installer fails, you will have to do a manual installation of the scripts and t files, then generate a map for LU and load it into your game. The process is described in the ReadMe file.

Here are the basic steps:
  # Copy the scripts into LU\addon\scripts. 
  # Copy t files into LU\addon\t
  # Set the hotkey in-game ("Activate Search of Objects")
  # Press the hotkey while in space. <=== ReadMe says that you will get a visual indication when done. I did not. So press the hotkey and wait 1 minute.
  # Run Scorp Map
  # Press F2. At bottom of dialog, navigate to your log00001.txt file. OK.

It should then load the LU map.


<br/>
----
__[https://code.google.com/p/litcubes-universe/wiki/Index Top]_ 