=Litcube’s X3 Terran Conflict Scripting Canon=


===Script Types===

[Script] is the general name of the script.  Such as BuyWare, or MapSector.  All script files that include the same names/descriptor will obviously be related

HK stands for hotkey

Cmd.[name]		Only commands that show up in the ship menu or HKs allowed.  These are the only commands that you should have SET COMMAND in for displaying stuff.  They can contain menus, if the entire command is a menu itself, meaning, it’s not a command configuration menu (which should go in as a pre load),

Lib.Gen		No commands.  Helper functions only

Lib.X.[name].	X stands for eXtension.  Repeated commands within script groups that wouldn’t apply anywhere else. Helper description after the dot.

Lib.Cmd		Generic commands that run as ship tasks.  Useful for all sorts of scripts, but are not run directly from a menu.  No log text!  No SET COMMAND! Try to be descriptive for the command in a general -> specific hierarchy, for example:  Lib.Cmd.Fly.SafePath or Lib.Cmd.Fly.Near.Station.

Lib.Debug		Debugging and general use for developing scripts.  Never ever run during normal play operation.

Lib.MenuHelp	Helper library scripts for menu functions.

HK.			Only called from a hotkey.  Code in here should only include a line to run the Cmd + the bare minimum required to run the Cmd script.

CmdChk.		Only for setup scripts return availability for command.

setup.			For setting up commands.  All non-fly related should be launched on preloads to avoid “autopilot enabled” message.  

Menu.			Menu scripts.  Launched directly from commands or from other scripts that DO NOT run a command (which is reserved for preloads or PL scripts).  These can also be helpers for other CMD menu style commands.  The “.SM” suffix is used for loop back scripts in dynamic menus.  It is called every time the player interacts with the dynamic menu.

Lib.MenuHelp.QM	Generic menus that fit into other menus.  That’s for Quick Menu. For library use.

PL			All preload scripts on menus

Sig.			Fired from signals

Gbl.			Anything intended to run as global task.

Lib.Gbl.[name]	Global helper libraries.

 
===Error Code Returns===

All Litcube scripts return negative error codes with arrays.  The second line is to inform of the required variables on the error reporting for Lib.Gen.SendMessageError

> 0	Success or other return result upon success

	Cargo & Transport Codes
-100	General cargo problem
	Ware, Target
-101	Not enough cargo space for amount requested (includes trying to jump error)
	Amount, Ware
-102	Can’t handle transport class
	Ware, Target
-103	Existing amount of ware is more than balance requested
	Ware
-104	Cargo transport, purchase, or sell requested, no amount specified (if object = target, displays buy)
Ware, TargetShip
-105	Cargo transport requested, no ware in cargo hold
	Amount, Ware, TargetShip
-106	Cargo sale requested, no ware in cargo hold
	Amount, Ware

	Station & Ship Codes
-200	Home base has none of requested ware
	Station, Ware
-201	Ship requires a home base for this command
-202	Ship requires ware for this command
	Ware
-225	Not enough energy to jump to sector

	
	Pre refuel Codes
-250	Trying to refuel, Fuel Resupply Quantity not large enough for it
	StartSector, DestinationSector
-251	Trying to refuel, cargo bay not large enough for resupply
	StartSector, DestinationSector
-252	Autojump enabled, but one or more is not installed: T.C.S. MK1, T.C.S. MK2, Trading System Extension, or Best Buys Locator.
	StartSector, DestinationSector
-260	Not enough fuel at homebase
	Homebase

Post refuel Codes
-280	Autojump enabled one or more is not installed: T.C.S. MK1, T.C.S. MK2, Trading System Extension, or Best Buys Locator.
-281	Already have enough fuel.  Energy is equal to or more than Fuel Resupply Quantity.

	Money Code
-300	Not enough cash to buy
	Ware, Station, Amount

	Search Codes
-400	Station not found for purchase
	Ware, SafePathBoolean
-401	Station not found for selling
	Ware, SafePathBoolean

	Safe Path
-500	Safe path not found
	StartSector, DestinationSector
-501	Object given is not valid
	Object

Mining
-600	There are no minerals to be found in sector
	Sector
-601	Mineral requested is not found in the sector
	Mineral, Sector
-602	Mobile Drilling System not equipped
	

 
===Tasks===

9:  !lib.ext.scan.forenemies

21:  !lib.ext.patrolscan

30:  !plugin.acp.fight.attack.tactics

34:  !ship.signal.lasertower.setup

55:  !plugin.fightcommand.fire.task

90:  Lib.Cmd.FlyUntil.EnemyShipFoundInScanner
90:  Lib.Cmd.FlyUntil.NeutralShipFoundInScanner
90:  Lib.Cmd.FlyUntil.WareFoundInScanner
90:  Lib.Cmd.FlyUntil.LocalVariableFlagIsTrue

101:  al.Revelation.Monitor

102:  al.Revelation.Dock.Stock

103:  al.Revelation.Dock.Scan

120:  al.Phanon.CheckScanner

189:  Lib.Cmd.DockWareManager.Monitor

213:  Lib.Cmd.SaturnComplexHub.Surplus

348:  Lib.Cmd.StockExchange.Updater

587:  Lib.Cmd.LeadShipWingMonitor

682:  Lib.Cmd.Fight.Missiles

723:  Lib.Cmd.FireChaff.Check

932:  Lib.Cmd.MLCC.UpdateDockSupply





