#summary SinnerMan's Player Log

= SinnerMan's Log =

NEW PLAYTHROUGH with v1.0!

_almost exclusively Terran playthrough_

--------------

=Economy Setup=

Currently, my PHQ is setup in Unknown Sector Epsilon. This is due to it's central location in the universe, as well as the abundance of natural mineral resources. Most of the large mineral formations have been miniaturized by a Hornet Missile equiped TS, leaving a wealth of Ore, Silicon and even some Nvidium available for collection.

The PHQ will be my central storage location for all ship-building components, missiles, weapons, shields and resources of that nature. Ideally, it will be supplied by my own factories, with limited "Buy" items listed in the Dockware Manager.

==Current Employees==
2x Dock Agents (Dock Agent command)

4x Freighters (Move Freight command)

1x Reap/Energy Shuttle (Set in the Player Console)

1x Tug (Tug command)

1x Mobile-Mining Ship _"Fortune"_ (Drone Mine & Trade command: Ore only)

1x CLS (External Logistics command: Transports surplus ore from MMS _"Fortune"_ both while it is mining, as well as while it is selling) 


-The Dock agents currently are only selling excess non-Terran equipment that my Reap shuttle brings in as well as Pie-rat ships that are stripped at the PHQ before being recycled.

-I'm quite happy with the mining setup currently. The Freight Drones (x100) mine minerals at an efficient rate, so the 4,000,000 sized cargo hold of MMS _"Fortune"_ gets filled up from empty in a few hours. All while the drones are mining, the CLS is running back and forth from MMS _"Fortune"_ to the PHQ depositing ore for use in future shipbuilding. With the current setup, MMS _"Fortune"_ still fills up and heads off to sell excess ore on it's own after a few hours. This provides a surplus of credits, as well as keeping my PHQ stocked with ore (currently no limit set in the Dockware Manager). Plans are in the works to replicate this setup for silicon mining ASAP.

==Saturn Complex Hubs==